o M G last night's episode of The
Vampire Diaries gave us what we've been
waiting for all season we're talking
three tasks and the return of one of our
faves and of course you know the drill
let's break down these top three moments
I'm your TV D expert seer McVeigh and
you're watching the Hollywood hop minute
number three we finally say goodbye to
Silas Amara and Tessa yep these guys are
gone
finito out of here sign our suckers
No
no no number two Catherine is aging and
fast since Silas drained her of the cure
a few episodes back we find out she only
has a couple months to live how do we
stop him
we don't it's just life running its
course quicker than normal
how much quicker if it continues at this
rate you have a few months so who look
Catherine Snyder final date slut mmm
definitely not with her daughter Nadia
I would rather rip my own heart out and
do more mother-daughter bonding with you
and number one Bonnie is back thanks Vic
Texas spell to make money the anchor our
girl is alive again whoo-hoo
you guys can see me Oh
can we please talk about this moment
with Jeremy and Bonnie so adorable I
miss this holding your hand I'm never
gonna let you go again
but since this is TBD we obviously can't
have a happy ending
now that bonnie is connected to both
sides every supernatural death is gonna
have to pass through her hey guys
it just isn't pretty every supernatural
being that passes over to the other side
will pass through you
sorry that's gonna hurt like a bitch
all right you guys time to top this one
out do you think Bonnie will be able to
handle the burden of being the anchor
honestly it just looks so painful and on
a less serious note I'm dying to know
how you think Nina Dobrev did playing
three different characters this episode
how crazy was that let me know what you
guys think in the comments section below
don't forget to subscribe the holly
wired TV for all things Vampire Diaries
and of course like and favorite this
video for Holly while you're calm
I'm stearic vague and I'll see you guys
next week bye